Add documentation for Global AnalyzerConfig (#20824)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/configuration-files.md

Both EditorConfig files and Global AnalyzerConfig files specify key-value pair of options. Conflicts arise when there are multiple entries with the same key, but different value. Following precedence rules are used for resolving these conflicts:

1. Conflicting entries in same configuration file: Entry which appears later in the file wins. This is true for conflicting entries within a single EditorConfig file and also within a single Global AnalyzerConfig file.
2. Conflicting entries in two EditorConfig files: Entry in the EditorConfig file which is deeper in the file system, and hence has a longer file path, wins.
3. Conflicting entries in two Global AnalyzerConfig files: A compiler warning is reported and both entries are ignored.
4. Conflicting entries in an EditorConfig file and a Global AnalyzerConfig file: Entry in the EditorConfig file wins.

> [!NOTE]
>
> - Diagnostic severity options specified from the compiler command line (`/nowarn` or `/warnaserror`) always override the diagnostic [severity configuration](configuration-options.md#severity-level) options specified in EditorConfig and Global AnalyzerConfig files.
>

> > - Diagnostic severity options can also be specified with a [Ruleset](/visualstudio/code-quality/using-rule-sets-to-group-code-analysis-rules) file. However, rulesets files are deprecated in favor of EditorConfig and Global AnalyzerConfig files. It is recommended that you [convert a ruleset file to an equivalent EditorConfig file](/visualstudio/code-quality/use-roslyn-analyzers#convert-an-existing-ruleset-file-to-editorconfig-file). Precedence for conflicting diagnostic severity entries from a ruleset file and EditorConfig/Global AnalyzerConfig files is _undefined_.

Author: ```suggestion
> - Diagnostic severity options can also be specified with a [Ruleset](/visualstudio/code-quality/using-rule-sets-to-group-code-analysis-rules) file. However, rulesets files are deprecated in favor of EditorConfig and Global AnalyzerConfig files. It is recommended that you [convert a ruleset file to an equivalent EditorConfig file](/visualstudio/code-quality/use-roslyn-analyzers#convert-an-existing-ruleset-file-to-editorconfig-file). Precedence for conflicting diagnostic severity entries from a ruleset file and EditorConfig/Global AnalyzerConfig files is _undefined_.

## See also

- [EditorConfig vs Global AnalyzerConfig design issue](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/issues/47707)

```

---
title: Configuration files for code analysis rules
description: Learn about different configuration files to configure code analysis rules.
ms.date: 09/24/2020
ms.topic: conceptual
no-loc: ["EditorConfig"]
---
# Configuration files for code analysis rules

> Code analysis rules have various [configuration options](configuration-options.md). These options are specified as key-value pairs in an analyzer configuration file. Following configuration files can be used to specify these options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code analysis rules have various [configuration options](configuration-options.md). These options are specified as key-value pairs in an analyzer configuration file. The following configuration files can be used to specify these options:
```

> - [EditorConfig](#editorconfig) file: File or folder based configuration options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [EditorConfig](#editorconfig) file: File-based or folder-based configuration options.
```

> - [EditorConfig](#editorconfig) file: File or folder specific configuration options

Author: ```suggestion
- [EditorConfig](#editorconfig) file: File or folder base configuration options
```

> - [Global AnalyzerConfig](#global-analyzerconfig) file: Project level configuration options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Global AnalyzerConfig](#global-analyzerconfig) file: Project-level configuration options.
```

## EditorConfig

[EditorConfig](/visualstudio/ide/create-portable-custom-editor-options) files are used to provide **options that apply to specific source files or folders**. Options are placed under section headers to identify the applicable files and folders. Add an entry for each rule you want to configure, and place it under the corresponding file extension section, for example, `[*.cs]`.

```ini
[*.cs]

> <%option_name%> = <%option_value%>

Reviewer: I think the angle brackets already signify a place holder, so don't think we need the % symbols too.

```suggestion
<option_name> = <option_value>
```

> You specify analyzer configuration options in an [EditorConfig](/visualstudio/ide/create-portable-custom-editor-options) file. EditorConfig files are used to provide **options that apply to specific source files or folders**. Options are placed under section headers to identify the applicable files and folders. Add an entry for each rule you want to configure, and place it under the corresponding file extension section, for example, `[*.cs]`.

Author: ```suggestion
[EditorConfig](/visualstudio/ide/create-portable-custom-editor-options) files are used to provide **options that apply to specific source files or folders**. Options are placed under section headers to identify the applicable files and folders. Add an entry for each rule you want to configure, and place it under the corresponding file extension section, for example, `[*.cs]`.
```

```

> In the above example, `[*.cs]` is an editorconfig section header to select all C# files with `.cs` file extension within the current folder, including sub-folders. The subsequent entry `<%option_name%> = <%option_value%>` is an analyzer option that will be applied to all these C# files.

Author: ```suggestion
In the above example, `[*.cs]` is an editorconfig section header to select all C# files with `.cs` file extension within the current folder, including subfolders. The subsequent entry `<%option_name%> = <%option_value%>` is an analyzer option that will be applied to all these C# files.
```

If you have an existing *.editorconfig* file for editor settings such as indent size or whether to trim trailing whitespace, you can place your code analysis configuration options in the same file.

> [!TIP]
> Visual Studio provides an *.editorconfig* item template that makes is easy to add one of these files to your project. For more information, see [Add an EditorConfig file to a project](/visualstudio/ide/create-portable-custom-editor-options#add-an-editorconfig-file-to-a-project).

### Example
Following is an example EditorConfig file to configure options and rule severity:

```ini
# Remove the line below if you want to inherit .editorconfig settings from higher directories
root = true

# C# files
[*.cs]

#### Core EditorConfig Options ####

# Indentation and spacing
indent_size = 4
indent_style = space
tab_width = 4

#### .NET Coding Conventions ####

# this. and Me. preferences
dotnet_style_qualification_for_method = true:warning

#### Diagnostic configuration ####

# CA1000: Do not declare static members on generic types
dotnet_diagnostic.CA1000.severity = warning
```

> ## Global AnalyzerConfig

Reviewer: Should we be using the term "AnalyzerConfig" or is that just an internal term? Would this be better?
```suggestion
## Global configuration files
```

Author: I have used `Global AnalyzerConfig` terminology elsewhere, so we should probably retain this for consistency.

> Starting with .NET5 SDK (and Visual Studio 2019 16.7), you can also configure analyzer options with Global AnalyzerConfig files. These files are used to provide **options that apply to all the source files in the project**, regardless of the actual file names or file paths of these source files.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting with .NET5 SDK (which is supported starting with Visual Studio 2019 16.8), you can also configure analyzer options with Global AnalyzerConfig files. These files are used to provide **options that apply to all the source files in the project**, regardless of the actual file names or file paths of these source files.
```

> Starting with .NET5 SDK (which is supported starting with Visual Studio 2019 16.8), you can also configure analyzer options with Global AnalyzerConfig files. These files are used to provide **options that apply to all the source files in the project**, regardless of the actual file names or file paths of these source files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with the .NET 5.0 SDK (which is supported starting with Visual Studio 2019 version 16.8), you can also configure analyzer options with global AnalyzerConfig files. These files are used to provide **options that apply to all the source files in a project**, regardless of their file names or file paths.
```

> Starting with .NET5 SDK (and Visual Studio 2019 16.7), you can also configure analyzer options with Global AnalyzerConfig files. These files are used to provide **options that apply to all the source files in the project**, regardless of the actual file names or file paths of these source files.

Reviewer 2: Does that mean Global AnalyzerConfig files are only supported in Visual Studio? (i.e. not supported in command line builds and/or CI builds?)

Author: No they are supported in the compiler, hence both on build and inside VS. What made you feel they only work in VS? Maybe @gewarren can suggest better way to spell this out.

Reviewer 2: > What made you feel they only work in VS?

The mention of VS 2019 16.7 made me feel that. I think you wanted to mention the VS version which supports .NET 5?
In that case I'd change `(and Visual Studio 2019 16.7)` with `(which is supported starting with Visual Studio 2019 16.7)`.

By the way, SDK 5.0.100-rc.1 is only supported in 16.8 Preview 3.

Author: Thanks, that is much better wording.

> Unlike [EditorConfig](#editorconfig) files, global config files are not designed to configure editor style settings for IDEs, such as indent size or whether to trim trailing whitespace. Instead, they are designed purely for specifying project level analyzer configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike [EditorConfig](#editorconfig) files, global config files can't be used to configure editor style settings for IDEs, such as indent size or whether to trim trailing whitespace. Instead, they are designed purely for specifying project-level analyzer configuration options.
```

### Naming

Unlike EditorConfig files, which must be named `.editorconfig`, global config files do not need to have a specific name or extension. However, if you name these files as `.globalconfig` then they will be implicitly applied to all the C# and Visual Basic projects within the current folder, including subfolders. Otherwise, you will need to explicitly add the following MSBuild item group to your MSBuild project file:

```xml
<ItemGroup>
  <GlobalAnalyzerConfigFiles Include="<%path_to_global_analyzer_config%>" />
</ItemGroup>
```

### Format

> Unlike EditorConfig files, which must have section headers, such as `[*.cs]`, to identify the applicable files and folders, Global AnalyzerConfig do not have section headers. Instead, they require a top level entry of the form `is_global = true`. This indicates that all the options in the file apply globally to the entire project. For example,

Reviewer: What is the behavior of is_global is set to false or omitted?

Author: It has no effect - compiler only searches for presence of `is_global = true`

Reviewer: I think we need to state the behavior if it's omitted. E.g. does it just apply to files in the current folder?

Reviewer: And, if you name the file .globalconfig, do you still need it?

Author: > I think we need to state the behavior if it's omitted. E.g. does it just apply to files in the current folder?

If it is omitted, compiler just treats it as a normal editorconfig, so it will basically apply all settings within section headers to files under it.

> And, if you name the file .globalconfig, do you still need it?

Yes, that is the current design. `is_global = true` is still needed.

Reviewer: In that case, this line seems a little misleading?

"if you name these files as `.globalconfig` then they will be implicitly applied to all the C# and Visual Basic projects within the current folder, including subfolders"

> Unlike EditorConfig files, which must have section headers, such as `[*.cs]`, to identify the applicable files and folders, Global AnalyzerConfig do not have section headers. Instead, they require a top level entry of the form `is_global = true`. This indicates that all the options in the file apply globally to the entire project. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike EditorConfig files, which must have section headers, such as `[*.cs]`, to identify the applicable files and folders, global AnalyzerConfig files don't have section headers. Instead, they require a top level entry of the form `is_global = true`. This indicates that all the options in the file apply globally to the entire project. For example:
```

```ini
is_global = true

> <%option_name%> = <%option_value%>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<option_name> = <option_value>
```

```

### Example

> Following is an example Global AnalyzerConfig file to configure options and rule severity at project level:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following is an example Global AnalyzerConfig file to configure options and rule severity at the project level:
```

```ini
# Top level entry required to mark this as a Global AnalyzerConfig file
is_global = true

# NOTE: No section headers for configuration entries

#### .NET Coding Conventions ####

# this. and Me. preferences
dotnet_style_qualification_for_method = true:warning

#### Diagnostic configuration ####

# CA1000: Do not declare static members on generic types
dotnet_diagnostic.CA1000.severity = warning
```

## Precedence rules for entries in Editorconfig and Global AnalyzerConfig

> Both EditorConfig files and Global AnalyzerConfig files specify key-value pair of options. Conflicts arise when there are multiple entries with the same key, but different value. Following precedence rules are used for resolving these conflicts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both EditorConfig files and global AnalyzerConfig files specify a key-value pair for each option. Conflicts arise when there are multiple entries with the same key but different values. The following precedence rules are used for resolving these conflicts:
```

> 1. Conflicting entries in same configuration file: Entry which appears later in the file wins. This is true for conflicting entries within a single EditorConfig file and also within a single Global AnalyzerConfig file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Conflicting entries in same configuration file: The entry that appears later in the file wins. This is true for conflicting entries within a single EditorConfig file and also within a single global AnalyzerConfig file.
```

> 2. Conflicting entries in two EditorConfig files: Entry in the EditorConfig file which is deeper in the file system, and hence has a longer file path, wins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Conflicting entries in two EditorConfig files: The entry in the EditorConfig file that's deeper in the file system, and hence has a longer file path, wins.
```

> 3. Conflicting entries in two Global AnalyzerConfig files: A compiler warning is reported and both entries are ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Conflicting entries in two global AnalyzerConfig files: A compiler warning is reported and both entries are ignored.
```

> 4. Conflicting entries in an EditorConfig file and a Global AnalyzerConfig file: Entry in the EditorConfig file wins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Conflicting entries in an EditorConfig file and a Global AnalyzerConfig file: The entry in the EditorConfig file wins.
```

> [!NOTE]
>
> - Diagnostic severity options specified from the compiler command line (`/nowarn` or `/warnaserror`) always override the diagnostic [severity configuration](configuration-options.md#severity-level) options specified in EditorConfig and Global AnalyzerConfig files.
>

> > - Diagnostic severity options can also be specified with a [Ruleset](/visualstudio/code-quality/using-rule-sets-to-group-code-analysis-rules) file. However, rulesets files are deprecated in favor of EditorConfig and Global AnalyzerConfig files. It is recommended that you [convert a ruleset file to an equivalent EditorConfig file](/visualstudio/code-quality/use-roslyn-analyzers#convert-an-existing-ruleset-file-to-editorconfig-file). Precedence for conflicting diagnostic severity entries from a ruleset file and EditorConfig/Global AnalyzerConfig files is _undefined_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Diagnostic severity options can also be specified with a [Ruleset](/visualstudio/code-quality/using-rule-sets-to-group-code-analysis-rules) file. However, rulesets files are deprecated in favor of EditorConfig and global AnalyzerConfig files. It's recommended that you [convert a ruleset file to an equivalent EditorConfig file](/visualstudio/code-quality/use-roslyn-analyzers#convert-an-existing-ruleset-file-to-editorconfig-file). Precedence for conflicting diagnostic severity entries from a ruleset file and EditorConfig/Global AnalyzerConfig files is _undefined_.
```

## See also

> - [EditorConfig vs Global AnalyzerConfig design issue](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/issues/47707)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [EditorConfig vs global AnalyzerConfig design issue](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/issues/47707)
```

---
title: Configuration files for code analysis rules
description: Learn about different configuration files to configure code analysis rules.
ms.date: 09/24/2020
ms.topic: conceptual
no-loc: ["EditorConfig"]
---
# Configuration files for code analysis rules

> Code analysis rules have various [configuration options](configuration-options.md). These options are specified as key-value pairs in an analyzer configuration file. The following configuration files can be used to specify these options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code analysis rules have various [configuration options](configuration-options.md). You specify these options as key-value pairs in one of the following analyzer configuration files:
```

- [EditorConfig](#editorconfig) file: File-based or folder-based configuration options.
- [Global AnalyzerConfig](#global-analyzerconfig) file: Project-level configuration options.

## EditorConfig

[EditorConfig](/visualstudio/ide/create-portable-custom-editor-options) files are used to provide **options that apply to specific source files or folders**. Options are placed under section headers to identify the applicable files and folders. Add an entry for each rule you want to configure, and place it under the corresponding file extension section, for example, `[*.cs]`.

```ini
[*.cs]
<option_name> = <option_value>
```

> In the above example, `[*.cs]` is an editorconfig section header to select all C# files with `.cs` file extension within the current folder, including subfolders. The subsequent entry `<%option_name%> = <%option_value%>` is an analyzer option that will be applied to all these C# files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, `[*.cs]` is an editorconfig section header to select all C# files with `.cs` file extension within the current folder, including subfolders. The subsequent entry, `<option_name> = <option_value>`, is an analyzer option that will be applied to all the C# files.
```

> You can apply EditorConfig file conventions to a folder, a project, or an entire repo by placing the file in the corresponding directory. These options will be applied when executing the analysis at build time as well as inside Visual Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can apply EditorConfig file conventions to a folder, a project, or an entire repo by placing the file in the corresponding directory. These options are applied when executing the analysis at build time and while you edit code in Visual Studio.
```

If you have an existing *.editorconfig* file for editor settings such as indent size or whether to trim trailing whitespace, you can place your code analysis configuration options in the same file.

> [!TIP]
> Visual Studio provides an *.editorconfig* item template that makes is easy to add one of these files to your project. For more information, see [Add an EditorConfig file to a project](/visualstudio/ide/create-portable-custom-editor-options#add-an-editorconfig-file-to-a-project).

### Example
Following is an example EditorConfig file to configure options and rule severity:

```ini
# Remove the line below if you want to inherit .editorconfig settings from higher directories
root = true

# C# files
[*.cs]

#### Core EditorConfig Options ####

# Indentation and spacing
indent_size = 4
indent_style = space
tab_width = 4

#### .NET Coding Conventions ####

# this. and Me. preferences
dotnet_style_qualification_for_method = true:warning

#### Diagnostic configuration ####

# CA1000: Do not declare static members on generic types
dotnet_diagnostic.CA1000.severity = warning
```

## Global AnalyzerConfig

> Starting with the .NET 5.0 SDK (which is supported starting with Visual Studio 2019 version 16.8), you can also configure analyzer options with global AnalyzerConfig files. These files are used to provide **options that apply to all the source files in a project**, regardless of their file names or file paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with the .NET 5.0 SDK (which is supported in Visual Studio 2019 version 16.8 and later versions), you can also configure analyzer options with global _AnalyzerConfig_ files. These files are used to provide **options that apply to all the source files in a project**, regardless of their file names or file paths.
```

Unlike [EditorConfig](#editorconfig) files, global config files can't be used to configure editor style settings for IDEs, such as indent size or whether to trim trailing whitespace. Instead, they are designed purely for specifying project-level analyzer configuration options.

### Format

> Unlike EditorConfig files, which must have section headers, such as `[*.cs]`, to identify the applicable files and folders, global AnalyzerConfig files don't have section headers. Instead, they require a top level entry of the form `is_global = true`. This indicates that all the options in the file apply globally to the entire project. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike EditorConfig files, which must have section headers, such as `[*.cs]`, to identify the applicable files and folders, global AnalyzerConfig files don't have section headers. Instead, they require a top level entry of the form `is_global = true` to differentiate them from regular EditorConfig files. This indicates that all the options in the file apply to the entire project. For example:
```

```ini
is_global = true
<option_name> = <option_value>
```

### Naming

> Unlike EditorConfig files, which must be named `.editorconfig`, global config files do not need to have a specific name or extension. However, if you name these files as `.globalconfig` then they will be implicitly applied to all the C# and Visual Basic projects within the current folder, including subfolders. Otherwise, you will need to explicitly add the following MSBuild item group to your MSBuild project file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike EditorConfig files, which must be named `.editorconfig`, global config files do not need to have a specific name or extension. However, if you name these files as `.globalconfig` then they will be implicitly applied to all the C# and Visual Basic projects within the current folder, including subfolders. Otherwise, you must explicitly add the `GlobalAnalyzerConfigFiles` item to your MSBuild project file:
```

```xml
<ItemGroup>

>   <GlobalAnalyzerConfigFiles Include="<%path_to_global_analyzer_config%>" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <GlobalAnalyzerConfigFiles Include="<path_to_global_analyzer_config>" />
```

</ItemGroup>
```

> [!NOTE]

> > Note that top level entry `is_global = true` is required even inside global config files named `.globalconfig`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The top-level entry `is_global = true` is required even when the file is named `.globalconfig`.
```

### Example

> Following is an example Global AnalyzerConfig file to configure options and rule severity at the project level:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following is an example global AnalyzerConfig file to configure options and rule severity at the project level:
```

```ini

> # Top level entry required to mark this as a Global AnalyzerConfig file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Top level entry required to mark this as a global AnalyzerConfig file
```

is_global = true

# NOTE: No section headers for configuration entries

#### .NET Coding Conventions ####

# this. and Me. preferences
dotnet_style_qualification_for_method = true:warning

#### Diagnostic configuration ####

# CA1000: Do not declare static members on generic types
dotnet_diagnostic.CA1000.severity = warning
```

## Precedence

> ### General options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both EditorConfig files and global AnalyzerConfig files specify a key-value pair for each option. Conflicts arise when there are multiple entries with the same key but different values.

### General options
```

> Both EditorConfig files and global AnalyzerConfig files specify a key-value pair for each option. Conflicts arise when there are multiple entries with the same key but different values. The following precedence rules are used for resolving these conflicts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When conflicts arise between options, the following precedence rules are used to resolve the conflicts:
```

> - Conflicting entries in same configuration file: The entry that appears later in the file wins. This is true for conflicting entries within a single EditorConfig file and also within a single global AnalyzerConfig file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Conflicting entries in the same configuration file: The entry that appears later in the file wins. This is true for conflicting entries within a single EditorConfig file and also within a single global AnalyzerConfig file.
```

- Conflicting entries in two EditorConfig files: The entry in the EditorConfig file that's deeper in the file system, and hence has a longer file path, wins.

- Conflicting entries in two global AnalyzerConfig files: A compiler warning is reported and both entries are ignored.

- Conflicting entries in an EditorConfig file and a Global AnalyzerConfig file: The entry in the EditorConfig file wins.

> ### Diagnostic severity options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Severity options
```

> The above [general precedence rules](#general-options) apply for all options specified in configuration files. For diagnostic [severity configuration](configuration-options.md#severity-level) options, following additional precedence rules apply:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous [general precedence rules](#general-options) apply for all options specified in configuration files. For [severity configuration](configuration-options.md#severity-level) options, the following additional precedence rules apply:
```

> - Diagnostic severity options specified from the compiler command line (`/nowarn` or `/warnaserror`) always override the diagnostic [severity configuration](configuration-options.md#severity-level) options specified in EditorConfig and Global AnalyzerConfig files.

Author: ```suggestion
- Diagnostic severity options specified from the compiler command line (`/nowarn` or `/warnaserror`) always override the diagnostic [severity configuration](configuration-options.md#severity-level) options specified in EditorConfig and global AnalyzerConfig files.
```

> - Diagnostic severity options specified from the compiler command line (`/nowarn` or `/warnaserror`) always override the diagnostic [severity configuration](configuration-options.md#severity-level) options specified in EditorConfig and global AnalyzerConfig files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Severity options specified at the command line as compiler options (`/nowarn` or `/warnaserror`) always override [severity configuration](configuration-options.md#severity-level) options specified in EditorConfig and global AnalyzerConfig files.
```

> - Diagnostic severity options can also be specified with a [Ruleset](/visualstudio/code-quality/using-rule-sets-to-group-code-analysis-rules) file. However, rulesets files are deprecated in favor of EditorConfig and global AnalyzerConfig files. It's recommended that you [convert a ruleset file to an equivalent EditorConfig file](/visualstudio/code-quality/use-roslyn-analyzers#convert-an-existing-ruleset-file-to-editorconfig-file). Precedence for conflicting diagnostic severity entries from a ruleset file and EditorConfig/Global AnalyzerConfig files is _undefined_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Severity options can also be specified with a [Ruleset](/visualstudio/code-quality/using-rule-sets-to-group-code-analysis-rules) file. However, rulesets files are deprecated in favor of EditorConfig and global AnalyzerConfig files. It's recommended that you [convert ruleset files to an equivalent EditorConfig file](/visualstudio/code-quality/use-roslyn-analyzers#convert-an-existing-ruleset-file-to-editorconfig-file). Precedence for conflicting severity entries from a ruleset file and EditorConfig or global AnalyzerConfig files is _undefined_.
```

> - [Precedence](configuration-options.md#precedence) section has precedence rules between _related_ diagnostic severity options in configuration files with different keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For information about precedence rules for related severity options with different keys, for example, when different severities are specified for a single rule and for the category that rule falls under, see [Configuration options for code analysis](configuration-options.md#precedence).
```
